marker-notes
============

This is my self-made solution for generating websites from markdown
files in directories. To this point, I've spent less than 2 days on
it, so there may be a few quirks. 

Getting Started
===============
To get started, clone the github repositroy into a directory: 
`git clone https://github.com/joshgordon/marker-notes` After this, any
subdirectories you make will show up as links to new index pages. Putting
a `README.md` in the directory will allow you to put text below the
file listing, as well as set a title for the links to the directory
and the page generated by the directory. 

After you have your directory structure set up, simply place markdown
files where you want them - they'll automatically be linked to. 

After you have all this set up, run `make` to turn the directory
structure into a working website. This only really works if you have
the top level directory as the root of your website. If you want to
undo the operations of make, run `make clean`. 

Style
=====
All of the generated pages use the "style.css" in the root of the
repo. You can edit or replace this as desired, as well as use it for
your own markdown files. 

Excluding files
===============
You can exclude files by adding them to the "exclude" environment
variable in the `mkIndex.sh` script. 

Known Issues
============
* The script will not work if the root of the site is not at the root of
  your webserver. 
* File or folder names with spaces are untested. 

Comments
========
As I stated before, this was thrown together in less than 2 days, so
I'm sure there are issues. 